feat: Create a test generator to generate different tests scenarios for appstudio e2e demos (#98)
redhat-appstudio/e2e-tests: tests/e2e-demos/Readme.md

1) Follow the instructions from the [Readme](../../docs/Installation.md) scripts to install AppStudio in e2e mode
2) Run the e2e suite: `./bin/e2e-appstudio --ginkgo.focus="e2e-demos-suite"`

## Test Generator

> The test suites in e2e-demo-suite are generated dinamycally using ginkgo specs. To run the demo you need to use the default

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
The test specs in e2e-demo-suite are generated dynamically using ginkgo. To run the demo you need to use the default
```
